React Native Docs (#69)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Frequently Asked Questions/React Native/index.md

    return self;
}

- (NSArray<NSString *> *)supportedEvents {
    return @[@"DoAction"];
}

- (void)getDoActionNotification:(NSNotification *)notification {
    if(self.sdlManager == nil) {
        self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo[@"sdlManager"];
    }
    [self sendEventWithName:@"DoAction" body:@{@"type": @"actionType"}];
}

@end
```

##### Swift
```swift
@objc(SDLEventEmitter)
class SDLEventEmitter: RCTEventEmitter {

override init() {
    NotificationCenter.default.addObserver(self, selector: #selector(doAction(_:)), name: Notification.Name(rawValue: "<#Notification Name#>", object: nil)
    super.init()
}

@objc func doAction(_ notification: Notification) {
    if self.sdlManger == nil {
        self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo["sdlManager"]
    }

    sendEvent(withName: "DoAction", body: ["type": "actionType"])
}

override func supportedEvents() -> [String]! {
    return ["DoAction"]
}

}
```

!!! NOTE
Make sure you add `#import "React/RCTEventEmitter.h"` to the apps bridging header before moving forward if you're making a Swift application.
!!!

!!! NOTE

> If you're using Swift, you will need to create the Objective-C bridging class for `SDLEventEmitter` and add the proper `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` wrapper.

Reviewer: What does this mean? We don't want to put two notes right next to each other, can we combine them or move one of them elsewhere? Or the second one doesn't look like it has to be a note, it looks like it's describing the below code?

!!!

> ```objc

Reviewer: I'm having some trouble following all of this, do you have a sample app that we could perhaps link to?

#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"
#import "React/RCTEventEmitter.h"
@interface RCT_EXTERN_MODULE(SDLEventEmitter, RCTEventEmitter)

RCT_EXTERN_METHOD(eventCall:(eventCall: (id)dict))

@end
```

> The above example will then call into JavaScript with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native(Javascript) code create a `NativeEventEmitter` object  within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.

Reviewer: What above example, I assume not the immediate one above. This is confusing.

```suggestion
The above example will then call into JavaScript with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native (JavaScript) code, create a `NativeEventEmitter` object within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.
```

```javascript
import { NativeEventEmitter, NativeModules } from 'react-native';
const  { SDLEventEmitter } = NativeModules;

const testEventEmitter = new NativeEventEmitter(SDLEventEmitter);

// Build a listener to listen for events
const testData = testEventEmitter.addListener(
    'DoAction',
        () => SDLEventEmitter.eventCall({
            "data": {
                "low": "77",
                "high": "87",
                "currentTemp": "82",
                "rain": "50%"
            }
        }   
    )
)
```

> The last step is to wrap the method you wish to expose inside an `RCT_EXPORT_METHOD` for Objective-C and `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` for Swift. 

Reviewer: Doesn't say where the below code would go

Author: updated

##### Objective-C
```objc
RCT_EXPORT_METHOD(eventCall:(NSDictionary *)dict) {

> [self.sdlManager.screenManager beginUpdates];

Reviewer: Indentation

self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField1 = [NSString stringWithFormat:@"Low: %@ ºF", [RCTConvert NSString:dict[@"data"][@"low"]]];
self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField2 = [NSString stringWithFormat:@"High: %@ ºF", [RCTConvert NSString:dict[@"data"][@"high"]]];

[self.sdlManager.screenManager endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        <#Error#>
    } else {
        <#Success#>
    }
}];
@end
}
```

##### Swift

> Add the following method to `SDLEventEmitter.swift`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Add the following method to `SDLEventEmitter.swift`:
```

> ```swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```swift
```

# Can I Integrate SDL into a React Native App?
SDL does work and can be integrated into a React Native application. 

> !!! NOTE

Author: fixed

You must make sure you have [Native Modules](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/native-modules-setup) installed as a dependency in order to use 3rd party APIs in a React Native application. If this is not done your app will not work with SmartDeviceLink. Native API methods are not exposed to JavaScript automatically, this must be done manually by you.
!!!

Please follow [this guide](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started) for how to create a new React Native application if you need one. Also ensure you have followed the [Getting Started](Getting Started/Installation) and have `SmartDeviceLink` installed on the native side. 

To install SDL into your React Native app, you will need to follow [this guide](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/native-modules-ios) to integrate the SDL library into your application using React Native's Native Modules feature.

## Getting Started

> This guide is not meant to walk you through how to make a React Native app but help you integrate SDL into an existing application. We will show you a basic example of how to communicate between your app's JavaScript code and SDL's native Obj-C code. For more advanced features, please refer to the React Native documentation linked above.

Author: fixed

## Integration Basics

> Native API methods are not exposed automatically to JavaScript. This means you must expose methods you wish to use from SDL to your React Native app. You must implement the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol into a bridge class (see below for an example). Please follow [SmartDeviceLink Integration Basics](Getting Started/Integration Basics) for the basic setup of a native SDL `ProxyManager` class that your bridge code will communicate with. This is the necessary starting point in order to continue with this example. Please make sure you also set up a simple UI with buttons and some text on the SDL side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native API methods are not exposed automatically to JavaScript. This means you must expose methods you wish to use from SDL to your React Native app. You must implement the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol into a bridge class (see below for an example). Please follow [SmartDeviceLink Integration Basics](Getting Started/Integration Basics) for the basic setup of a native SDL `ProxyManager` class that your bridge code will communicate with. This is the necessary starting point in order to continue with this example. Also set up a simple UI with buttons and some text on the SDL side.
```

### Creating the RCTBridge
To create a native module you must implement the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol. Update your `ProxyManager` to include `RCTBridgeModule`.

##### Objective-C
###### ProxyManager.h
```objc
#import <React/RCTBridgeModule.h>

@interface ProxyManager : NSObject <RCTBridgeModule>

<#...#>

@end
```

###### ProxyManager.m
An `RCT_EXPORT_MODULE()` macro must be added to the implementation file to expose the class to React Native.
```objc
@implementation ProxyManager

RCT_EXPORT_MODULE();
<#...#>

@end
```

##### Swift

> First, you must add  `#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"` to your `Bridging Header` before you move forward. When creating a Swift application and importing Objective-C code, Xcode should ask if it should create this header file for you. You must include this bridging header for your React Native app to work. You can create this file manually as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you move forward, you must add  `#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"` to your `Bridging Header`. When creating a Swift application and importing Objective-C code, Xcode should ask if it should create this header file for you. You must include this bridging header for your React Native app to work. You can create this file manually as well. 
```

```swift
@objc(ProxyManager)

class ProxyManager: NSObject {

<#...#>

}
```

> Next, to expose the Swift class to React Native you must create an Objective-C file in order to use React Native macros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, to expose the Swift class to React Native, you must create an Objective-C file in order to use React Native macros.
```

> ##### Objective-C

Reviewer: This is confusing. Is it part of the Swift code that has to be added?

Author: yes it is. it is the Bridge class needed to talk to javascript

###### ProxyManager.m 
```objc
#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"

@interface RCT_EXTERN_MODULE(ProxyManager, NSObject)

@end
```

> ### Post a Notification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Emitting Event Notifications to JavaScript
```

> Inside the `ProxyManger` class post a notification for a particular event you wish to execute. The observer of this event will call your React Native lsitener you will set up later in the documentaton below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `ProxyManger` class post a notification for a particular event you wish to execute. The bridge will observe this event and will call the React Native listener that you will set up later in the documentation below.
```

##### Objective-C

> Inside the `ProxyManager` add a soft button to your SDL HMI. Inside the handler post the notification and pass along a reference to the `sdlManager` in order to update the UI. You may choose how to keep a reference to the `sdlManager` object however you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `ProxyManager` add a soft button to your SDL HMI. Inside the soft button handler, post the notification and pass along a reference to the `sdlManager` in order to update your React Native UI through the bridge.
```

```objc
SDLSoftButtonObject *softButton = [[SDLSoftButtonObject alloc] initWithName:@"Button" state:[[SDLSoftButtonState alloc] initWithStateName:@"State 1" text:@"Data" artwork:nil] handler:^(SDLOnButtonPress * _Nullable buttonPress, SDLOnButtonEvent * _Nullable buttonEvent) {
    if (buttonPress == nil) { return; }

    NSDictionary *userInfo = @{@"sdlManager": self.sdlManager};
    [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] postNotificationName:<#Notification Name#> object:nil userInfo:managers];
}];

self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = @[softButton];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let softButton = SDLSoftButtonObject(name: "Button", state: SDLSoftButtonState(stateName: "State", text: "Data", artwork: nil), handler: { (buttonPress, butonEvent) in
    guard buttonPress == nil else { return }
    
    let userInfo = ["sdlManager": self.sdlManager]
    NotificationCenter.default.post(name: NSNotification.Name(rawValue: <#Notification Name#>), object: nil, userInfo: managers)
})

self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = [softButton];
```

> ### Create the EventEmitter Class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create the EventEmitter Bridge Class
```

> Create the class that will be the listener for the notiification you created above. This class will be sending an receieving messages from your JavaScript code (React Native). There are some required method(s) you must include inorder to be an  `EventEmitter` , these method(s) are in the example below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the class that will be the listener for the notiification you created above. This class will be sending and receiving messages from your JavaScript code (React Native). There are some required method(s) you must include in order to be a React Native `EventEmitter`; these method(s) are in the example below. 
```

Reviewer: Is it one method or multiple? If one, then use `method` if multiple, use `methods`. Don't put `method(s)`

##### Objective-C
###### SDLEventEmitter.h
```objc
#import <React/RCTEventEmitter.h>
#import <React/RCTBridgeModule.h>
#import <Foundation/Foundation.h>

NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_BEGIN

@interface SDLEventEmitter : RCTEventEmitter

@end

NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_END
```

###### SDLEventEmitter.m
```objc
#import "SDLEventEmitter.h"
#import "ProxyManager.h"
#import <React/RCTConvert.h>
#import <SmartDeviceLink/SmartDeviceLink.h>

@implementation SDLEventEmitter

RCT_EXPORT_MODULE()

- (instancetype)init {
    self = [super init];

>     [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:self selector:@selector(getDoActionNotification:) name:<#Notification Name#> object:nil];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Subscribe to event notifications sent from ProxyManager
    [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:self selector:@selector(getDoActionNotification:) name:<#Notification Name#> object:nil];
```

    return self;
}

> // Required Method 

Reviewer: Describe what this does a little better

- (NSArray<NSString *> *)supportedEvents {
    return @[@"DoAction"];
}

> - (void)getDoActionNotification:(NSNotification *)notification {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Run this code when the subscribed event notification is received
- (void)getDoActionNotification:(NSNotification *)notification {
```

    if(self.sdlManager == nil) {
        self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo[@"sdlManager"];
    }
    [self sendEventWithName:@"DoAction" body:@{@"type": @"actionType"}];
}

@end
```

##### Swift
```swift
@objc(SDLEventEmitter)
class SDLEventEmitter: RCTEventEmitter {

override init() {

>     NotificationCenter.default.addObserver(self, selector: #selector(doAction(_:)), name: Notification.Name(rawValue: "<#Notification Name#>", object: nil)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Subscribe to event notifications sent from ProxyManager
    NotificationCenter.default.addObserver(self, selector: #selector(doAction(_:)), name: Notification.Name(rawValue: "<#Notification Name#>", object: nil)
```

    super.init()
}

> // Required Method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> @objc func doAction(_ notification: Notification) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Run this code when the subscribed event notification is received
@objc func doAction(_ notification: Notification) {
```

    if self.sdlManger == nil {
        self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo["sdlManager"]
    }

    sendEvent(withName: "DoAction", body: ["type": "actionType"])
}

> override func supportedEvents() -> [String]! {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Required Method
override func supportedEvents() -> [String]! {
```

Reviewer: Describe a little better

    return ["DoAction"]

> }

Reviewer: Fix indentation of methods

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

> The above example will call into your JavaScript code with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native (JavaScript) code, create an  `NativeEventEmitter` object within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will call into your JavaScript code with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native (JavaScript) code, create a `NativeEventEmitter` object within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### JavaScript
```javascript
```

> import { NativeEventEmitter, NativeModules } from 'react-native';

Reviewer: The syntax highlighting doesn't work very well. Is another name needed to make it work better?

Reviewer: Oh well. They probably need to add it server side

const  { SDLEventEmitter } = NativeModules;

const testEventEmitter = new NativeEventEmitter(SDLEventEmitter);

// Build a listener to listen for events
const testData = testEventEmitter.addListener(
    'DoAction',
        () => SDLEventEmitter.eventCall({
            "data": {
                "low": "77",
                "high": "87",
                "currentTemp": "82",
                "rain": "50%"
            }
        }   
    )
)
```

> ### Exposing Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Exposing Methods
```

Reviewer: Exposing methods to which side? `Exposing JavaScript Methods to ProxyManager`? That doesn't seem to be what's going on below. What does it mean to expose a method? Why would you want to do it?

> The last step is to wrap the method you wish to expose inside an `RCT_EXPORT_METHOD` for Objective-C and `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` for Swift. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is to wrap any methods you wish to expose inside `RCT_EXPORT_METHOD` for Objective-C and `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` for Swift. Inside the `SDLEventEmitter.m` file add the following method.
```

> Inside the `SDLEventEmitter.m` file make sure to add the following method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Objective-C
```objc
RCT_EXPORT_METHOD(eventCall:(NSDictionary *)dict) {
    [self.sdlManager.screenManager beginUpdates];

    self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField1 = [NSString stringWithFormat:@"Low: %@ ºF", [RCTConvert NSString:dict[@"data"][@"low"]]];
    self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField2 = [NSString stringWithFormat:@"High: %@ ºF", [RCTConvert NSString:dict[@"data"][@"high"]]];

    [self.sdlManager.screenManager endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
        if (error != nil) {
            <#Error#>
        } else {
            <#Success#>
        }
    }];
}
```

> ##### Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Swift
```

> !!! NOTE

Reviewer: Move this note below the below paragraph.

Make sure you add `#import "React/RCTEventEmitter.h"` to the apps bridging header.
!!!

If you're making a React Native application and using native Swift code, you will need to create the Objective-C bridger for the `SDLEventEmitter` class you created above. Wrap the method(s) you wish to expose in a  `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` macro inside your wrapper class. This wrapper will allow the JavaScript code to talk with your native code.

```objc
#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"
#import "React/RCTEventEmitter.h"

> @interface RCT_EXTERN_MODULE(SDLEventEmitter, RCTEventEmitter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

@interface RCT_EXTERN_MODULE(SDLEventEmitter, RCTEventEmitter)
```

RCT_EXTERN_METHOD(eventCall:(eventCall: (id)dict))

@end
```
Add the following method to `SDLEventEmitter.swift`:

```swift
@objc func eventCall(_ dict: NSDictionary) {
    self.sdlManager.screenManager.beginUpdates()
    let data = dict["data"]! as! NSDictionary
    self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField1 = "Low: \(data["low"]!) ºF")"

>     self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField2 = "High: \(data["high"]!) ºF")"

Reviewer: This is not the correct degree symbol

Author: How about now, just updated.

    self.sdlManager.screenManager.endUpdates()
}

> ```

Reviewer: You should add some concluding comments about what has been accomplished in the above guide

Author: How about now, just updated.

To install SDL into your React Native app, you will need to follow [this guide](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/native-modules-ios) to integrate the SDL library into your application using React Native's Native Modules feature. You must make sure you have [Native Modules](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/native-modules-setup) installed as a dependency in order to use 3rd party APIs in a React Native application. If this is not done your app will not work with SmartDeviceLink. Native API methods are not exposed to JavaScript automatically, this must be done manually by you.

!!! Note
This guide is not meant to walk you through how to make a React Native app but help you integrate SDL into an existing application. We will show you a basic example of how to communicate between your app's JavaScript code and SDL's native Obj-C code. For more advanced features, please refer to the React Native documentation linked above.
!!!

## Integration Basics

> Native API methods are not exposed automatically to JavaScript. This means you must expose methods you wish to use from SDL to your React Native app. You must implement the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol into a bridge class (see below for an example). Please follow [SmartDeviceLink Integration Basics](Getting Started/Integration Basics) for the basic setup of a native SDL `ProxyManager` class that your bridge code will communicate with. This is the necessary starting point in order to continue with this example. Also set up a simple UI with buttons and some text on the SDL side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native API methods are not exposed automatically to JavaScript. This means you must expose methods you wish to use from SDL to your React Native app. You must implement the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol into a bridge class (see below for an example). Please follow [SmartDeviceLink Integration Basics guide](Getting Started/Integration Basics) for the basic setup of a native SDL `ProxyManager` class that your bridge code will communicate with. This is the necessary starting point in order to continue with this example. Also set up a simple UI with buttons and some text on the SDL side.
```

### Creating the RCTBridge
To create a native module you must implement the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol. Update your `ProxyManager` to include `RCTBridgeModule`.

##### Objective-C
###### ProxyManager.h
```objc
#import <React/RCTBridgeModule.h>

@interface ProxyManager : NSObject <RCTBridgeModule>

> <#...#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<#Proxy Manager code#>
```

@end
```

###### ProxyManager.m
An `RCT_EXPORT_MODULE()` macro must be added to the implementation file to expose the class to React Native.
```objc
@implementation ProxyManager

RCT_EXPORT_MODULE();

> <#...#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<#Proxy Manager code#>
```

@end
```

##### Swift

> Before you move forward, you must add  `#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"` to your `Bridging Header`. When creating a Swift application and importing Objective-C code, Xcode should ask if it should create this header file for you. You must include this bridging header for your React Native app to work. You can create this file manually as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you move forward, you must add  `#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"` to your `Bridging Header`. When creating a Swift application and importing Objective-C code, Xcode should ask if it should create this header file for you. You can create this file manually as well. You must include this bridging header for your React Native app to work.
```

```swift
@objc(ProxyManager)

class ProxyManager: NSObject {

> <#...#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<#Proxy Manager Code#>
```

}
```

Next, to expose the above Swift class to React Native, you must create an Objective-C file and wrap the Swift class name in a `RCT_EXTERN_MODULE` in order to use the Swift class in a React Native app. 

###### ProxyManager.m 
```objc
#import "React/RCTBridgeModule.h"

@interface RCT_EXTERN_MODULE(ProxyManager, NSObject)

@end
```

### Emitting Event Notifications to JavaScript

> Inside the `ProxyManger` class post a notification for a particular event you wish to execute. The bridge will observe this event and will call the React Native listener that you will set up later in the documentation below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `ProxyManger` class, post a notification for a particular event you wish to execute. The bridge will observe this event and will call the React Native listener that you will set up later in the documentation below.
```

Reviewer: I don't understand:

> The bridge will observe this event and will call the React Native listener

Isn't the bridge the `ProxyManager`? It conforms to the `RCTBridgeModule` protocol above... What do you mean by "bridge"? Should you be using "Event Emitter" instead of "Bridge"? I just want to make sure that we're using different words for different concepts.

##### Objective-C

> Inside the `ProxyManager` add a soft button to your SDL HMI. Inside the soft button handler, post the notification and pass along a reference to the `sdlManager` in order to update your React Native UI through the bridge.

Reviewer: Move this outside of the Objective-C header

```objc
SDLSoftButtonObject *softButton = [[SDLSoftButtonObject alloc] initWithName:@"Button" state:[[SDLSoftButtonState alloc] initWithStateName:@"State 1" text:@"Data" artwork:nil] handler:^(SDLOnButtonPress * _Nullable buttonPress, SDLOnButtonEvent * _Nullable buttonEvent) {
    if (buttonPress == nil) { return; }

    NSDictionary *userInfo = @{@"sdlManager": self.sdlManager};
    [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] postNotificationName:<#Notification Name#> object:nil userInfo:managers];
}];

self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = @[softButton];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let softButton = SDLSoftButtonObject(name: "Button", state: SDLSoftButtonState(stateName: "State", text: "Data", artwork: nil), handler: { (buttonPress, butonEvent) in
    guard buttonPress == nil else { return }
    
    let userInfo = ["sdlManager": self.sdlManager]
    NotificationCenter.default.post(name: NSNotification.Name(rawValue: <#Notification Name#>), object: nil, userInfo: managers)
})

self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = [softButton];
```

#### Create the EventEmitter Bridge Class

> Create the class that will be the listener for the notiification you created above. This class will be sending and receiving messages from your JavaScript code (React Native). There is a required method you must include in order to be a React Native `EventEmitter`; the method is in the example below. The required `supportedEvents` method returns an array of supported events. Sending an event name that is not included in the array will result in an error. `supportedEvents` tells React Native the events it should observe. An event is sending a message from Native code to React Native code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the class that will be the listener for the notiification you created above. This class will be sending and receiving messages from your JavaScript code (React Native). The required `supportedEvents` method returns an array of supported event names. Sending an event name that is not included in the array will result in an error. An "event" is sending a message from native code to React Native code.
```

##### Objective-C
###### SDLEventEmitter.h
```objc
#import <React/RCTEventEmitter.h>
#import <React/RCTBridgeModule.h>
#import <Foundation/Foundation.h>

NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_BEGIN

@interface SDLEventEmitter : RCTEventEmitter

@end

NS_ASSUME_NONNULL_END
```

###### SDLEventEmitter.m
```objc
#import "SDLEventEmitter.h"
#import "ProxyManager.h"
#import <React/RCTConvert.h>
#import <SmartDeviceLink/SmartDeviceLink.h>

@implementation SDLEventEmitter

RCT_EXPORT_MODULE()

- (instancetype)init {
    self = [super init];
    // Subscribe to event notifications sent from ProxyManager
    [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:self selector:@selector(getDoActionNotification:) name:<#Notification Name#> object:nil];

    return self;
}

> // Required Method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Required Method defining known action names
```

- (NSArray<NSString *> *)supportedEvents {
    return @[@"DoAction"];
}

// Run this code when the subscribed event notification is received
- (void)getDoActionNotification:(NSNotification *)notification {
    if(self.sdlManager == nil) {
        self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo[@"sdlManager"];
    }

>     [self sendEventWithName:@"DoAction" body:@{@"type": @"actionType"}];

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    // Send the event to your React Native code with a dictionary of information
    [self sendEventWithName:@"DoAction" body:@{@"type": @"actionType"}];
```

}

@end
```

##### Swift
```swift
@objc(SDLEventEmitter)
class SDLEventEmitter: RCTEventEmitter {

    override init() {
        // Subscribe to event notifications sent from ProxyManager
        NotificationCenter.default.addObserver(self, selector: #selector(doAction(_:)), name: Notification.Name(rawValue: "<#Notification Name#>", object: nil)
        super.init()
    }

    // Run this code when the subscribed event notification is received

>     @objc func doAction(_ notification: Notification) {

Reviewer: Move this below `supportedEvents` like in the Objective-C code; they should be in the same order.

        if self.sdlManger == nil {
            self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo["sdlManager"]
        }

>         sendEvent(withName: "DoAction", body: ["type": "actionType"])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       // Send the event to your React Native code with a dictionary of information
        sendEvent(withName: "DoAction", body: ["type": "actionType"])
```

    }

>     // Required Method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Required Method defining known action names
```

    override func supportedEvents() -> [String]! {
        return ["DoAction"]
    }

}
```

> The above example will call into your JavaScript code with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native (JavaScript) code, create a `NativeEventEmitter` object within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### JavaScript

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will call into your JavaScript code with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native (JavaScript) code, create a `NativeEventEmitter` object within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.

```js
```

import { NativeEventEmitter, NativeModules } from 'react-native';
const  { SDLEventEmitter } = NativeModules;

const testEventEmitter = new NativeEventEmitter(SDLEventEmitter);

// Build a listener to listen for events
const testData = testEventEmitter.addListener(
    'DoAction',
        () => SDLEventEmitter.eventCall({
            "data": {
                "low": "77",
                "high": "87",
                "currentTemp": "82",
                "rain": "50%"
            }
        }   
    )
)
```

### Exposing Methods

> The last step is to wrap any methods you wish to expose inside `RCT_EXPORT_METHOD` for Objective-C and `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` for Swift. Inside the `SDLEventEmitter.m` file add the following method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is to wrap any native code methods you wish to expose to your JavaScript code inside `RCT_EXPORT_METHOD` for Objective-C and `RCT_EXTERN_METHOD` for Swift. We've seen above how native code can send notifications to your JavaScript code, now we will see how your JavaScript code can send notifications into your native SmartDeviceLink code. Inside the `SDLEventEmitter.m` file add the following method:
```

    }
    
    // Run this code when the subscribed event notification is received
    @objc func doAction(_ notification: Notification) {
        if self.sdlManger == nil {
            self.sdlManager = notification.userInfo["sdlManager"]
        }
    
        // Send the event to your React Native code with a dictionary of information
        sendEvent(withName: "DoAction", body: ["type": "actionType"])
    }

}
```

##### JavaScript
The above example will call into your JavaScript code with an event type `DoAction`. Inside your React Native (JavaScript) code, create a `NativeEventEmitter` object within your `EventEmitter` module and add a listener for the event.

```js
import { NativeEventEmitter, NativeModules } from 'react-native';
const  { SDLEventEmitter } = NativeModules;

const testEventEmitter = new NativeEventEmitter(SDLEventEmitter);

// Build a listener to listen for events
const testData = testEventEmitter.addListener(
    'DoAction',
        () => SDLEventEmitter.eventCall({
            "data": {
                "low": "77",
                "high": "87",
                "currentTemp": "82",
                "rain": "50%"
            }
        }   
    )
)
```

> ### Exposing Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Exposing Native Methods to JavaScript
```
